# CapstoneProject

## Description of the problem
I will be exploring the option of opening an Indian restaurant in the city of Toronto through this capstone project. I will be assuming that a successful chain of restuarants in India would like to open their restaurants in international venues so cost would not be an issue for them but rather the need to attract more customers which I would be giving high significance in this project. Therefore, I will be pursuing the project in hope to find the most suitable location based on the aforementioned conditions by the restaurant owner. I have developed these conditions while keeping in mind the factors researched on the internet regarding where restaurants usually like to locate and also after looking at the net worth of such successful restaurant chain owners. Therefore, this project would ultimately help such entrepreneurs to open international restaurants if they read the findings of my project.

## Description of the data
First of all, I will be using the dataset for postal codes in Toronto as used in the Week 3 assignment of the course. I will be using this data and find their latitude and longitude coordinates as in the Week 3 assignment of the course. Furthermore, I will be exploring the trending locations in Toronto and other Indian restaurants in Toronto and use clustering to find teh neighbourhood which would be the best place to open the first international restuarant of a well-known and successful restaurant chain in India. Therefore, using and analysing the aforementioned data, I will present my findings regarding teh ideal location for the chain's new restaurant.
